[AV-104691] 8.0 on Capella - FTS Synonyms Support (#394)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/search/pages/synonyms/create-synonym-collection-docs.adoc

= Create a Synonym Collection and Documents
:page-topic-type: guide
:page-status: Couchbase Server 8.0
:page-ui-name: {ui-name}
:page-product-name: {product-name}
:description: Create a synonym collection and documents to define synonym mappings for search terms in a Search index.
:page-toclevels: 3

[abstract]
{description}

== Prerequisites

* Your user account has the xref:projects:project-roles.adoc#project-owner-role[`Project Owner`] or xref:projects:project-roles.adoc#project-cluster-manager-role[`Cluster Manager`] role for the project that contains your cluster.

* You have created a bucket and scope where you want to store your Search index and its synonym collections.
For more information, see xref:clusters:data-service/manage-buckets.adoc[] and xref:clusters:data-service/scopes-collections.adoc[].

== Procedure

To define the synonym mappings for a Search index, you must: 

. <<create-collection,>>
. <<create-documents,>>

[#create-collection]
=== Create a Synonym Collection

You can create a synonym collection like any other collection in {page-product-name}.

> Create synonym collections to divide your synonyms based on language or another sort criteria.

Reviewer: This is super picky, but it's using a singular ("another") with a plural ("criteria"). 

Maybe this?

```suggestion
Create synonym collections to divide your synonyms based on language or other sorting criteria.
```
